welcome back to movion today i'm going
to explain the movie called jack the
giant slayer from 2013. spoilers ahead
watch out and take care and i hope you
enjoy the video
at the beginning of the movie we saw a
kid named jack his dad was a farmer
jack loved to hear stories about kings
and kingdoms he was so excited about a
story this story was from ancient times
a kid used to rule a whole country by
himself during this time some pastors
made some beans and they were not any
ordinary beans they were magical beans
they made these beans to get to heaven
and talk to god
after making the beans they planted them
on the ground
and a huge tree came out of the ground
in front of their eyes
the tree was so big that it looked like
it was about to reach heaven and the
pastors also thought it would take them
to heaven when they went to the top of
the tree they found out that there was
another world between heaven and earth
and it was such a dangerous place
giants lived there and they're far
bigger and stronger than humans
when the pastors went there the giants
saw them and they got the path to come
down to earth through the tree
they came to earth through the tree and
they destroyed everything
they even killed humans and ate them
after seeing this the king's soldier
killed one of the giants and a pastor
took out his heart
after that he performed some kind of
magic on his heart he made a magical
crown from his heart
and the shocking thing is when the king
wore the crown in his head all the
giants kneeled before him and made him
their king
the king ordered them to go back to
their world
after the giants returned to their world
the king cut down the tree and kept the
seeds to himself
when the king died they put the beans
and the magical crown in his coffin and
buried it the princess of that kingdom
also loved this story because the
princess was from the king's family her
mom used to tell this story all the time
ten years later we saw that jack had
grown up and he was going towards the
town to sell his horse
when he went to the town he saw that
there was drama going on about the story
of the king
since jack loved the story he went
inside to watch the drama and we saw
that the princess was also there she
came here by disguising herself and no
one realized that she was the princess
meanwhile some guys started to tease the
princess
jack went ahead to save her but a guy
punched him in the face
jack threatened them and then kneeled
before him
jack thought that they were scared of
him and that's why they kneeled but he
looked back and saw that there were so
many soldiers behind him and they came
here to save the princess and this was
the reason for them kneeling
so the princess went back to the palace
with them
after that we saw a guy named rodrik
the king had arranged his daughter's
marriage with rodrick but the princess
didn't like him at all and she didn't
want to marry him suddenly roderick went
to his study room and saw that his whole
study room was destroyed
he checked all around and he found the
crown of the king from a tree pot
but some pages were missing from his
book
so rodrick ordered his soldiers to shut
the city down and arrest the pastor at
any cost
when jack was roaming around to sell his
horse a pastor approached him and told
him he wanted to buy his horse
jack asked him if he had any money but
the pastor didn't have any money that's
why the pastor gave him some seeds and
told him about the father
the pastor told him to give those seeds
to the father and then he will give you
the money for your horse
jack asked him why would he give me
money for some seeds
the pastor said these are not any
ordinary seeds these are magical seeds
these are so powerful that they can
change the whole world and they're very
expensive
so don't lose these seeds at any cost
remember one thing never put these seeds
in water
after saying this the pastor left with
jack's horse
but after going for a while he got
arrested when jack went back home his
uncle was mad at him he said what did
you do you brought beans in exchange for
the horse
the pastor fooled you he became so mad
that he threw those beans
jack began to pick up the seeds but one
seed fell through the wooden hole
you didn't notice it it was raining
outside and the princess was going by
jack's house
since she didn't want to marry roderick
she was running away from the palace
to save herself from the heavy rain the
princess went to jack's house
jack recognized her and they started to
talk to each other some rain water
dropped on the seed and we know that the
pastor told jack not to put the seed in
water at any cost
as soon as the water droplet touched the
seed the tree began to grow right there
since the tree was under the house the
tree took the house by itself and we
noticed that the princess was still in
the house
jack tried to save her and all of them
went too high with the tree
the next morning the king came there and
saw a huge tree touching the sky they
had no idea about the ending of this
tree
jack told them everything
the king ordered his soldiers to go up
and save his daughter
roderick said i will go with them to
save my future wife because i love her
jack also wanted to go with them and
they took him with them
when jack was climbing towards the sky
with roderick and his soldiers then
roderick cut the rope intentionally and
some soldiers fell and died
finally roderick arrived at the place
between earth and heaven
after going there roderick said to jack
i know you have those magical beans give
me those seeds
jack didn't want to give him the seeds
but roderick threatened him with his
knife so jack gave him the seeds but
jack secretly kept a seed to himself
after that they divided into three teams
and began to look for the princess
this place was so dangerous
a giant came in front of jack and his
team and he took two of jack's team
members with him
but we saw that jack went after the
giant because he wanted to find the
princess at any cost
he knew that he would find the princess
if he followed the giant
after that we saw rodrik and his team
members
roderick pushed one of his team members
from the cliff because he didn't like
him
but then suddenly a giant came in front
of them and killed rodrik's friend in
front of his eyes
the giant was about to kill roderick as
well but roderick pulled out the magical
crown
it was the crown that was made from the
giant's heart
the king made this crown and it had
magical powers
it was obvious that whoever will wear
the crown the giants will listen to him
that's why roderick wore the crown on
his head and went to the place where
there were so many giants in one place
the princess was also there along with a
soldier we noticed that all the giants
kneeled before him
roderick asked the leader of the giants
to kneel before him as well and he did
it
he kneeled before him
roderick stepped on his head and went to
the throne
roderick told them that i am your king
from now on and now we will go to earth
and make everyone our slaves
a giant took the soldier and the
princess to the kitchen he was about to
cook the soldier but then jack came
there
before the giant could kill the soldier
jack stabbed the giant with a big knife
and the giant died
and just like that jack saved the
soldier's life after that jack the
princess and the soldier went outside
and they went to a place where they
could easily get to earth through the
tree
but a giant was guarding that place
that's why jack and the soldier brought
a swarm of bees and put them inside the
armor of the giant
therefore the giant stood up and began
to shake and scream like crazy
the giant lost his balance and fell down
to earth
the king saw the giant and realized that
the giants were preparing to come down
to earth
that's why he ordered his soldiers to
cut the tree
because if those giants come to earth
then they will destroy everything
no one will be able to stop them
so the soldier told jack and the
princess to go down
i will stay here because i want to stop
roderick at any cost
because if he gets down then he will
destroy everything
i know very well about what he's up to
and that's why the fighter stayed there
so jack and the princess began to go
down using the tree
the king didn't want to cut the tree
because his daughter was still up there
but still he had to do it for the
betterment of the kingdom
on the other side roderick was preparing
to go to earth with his giant soldiers
the soldier was hiding there and he was
watching everything
suddenly the soldier attacked rodrik and
killed him
the crown fell down from his head
on the other side we saw that the
soldiers had cut the tree so the tree
began to fall down and the soldier was
on the tree as well
jack and the princess were also falling
down with the tree
but luckily all of them were safe and we
saw that the leader of the giants got
the crown and he put it in his fingers
therefore the giants made him their king
but now they were not able to get to
earth because the tree was cut off
suddenly the giants found a tiny pouch
and those magical beans were inside this
pouch
the king of the giants dropped those
seeds into the water and some huge trees
came out of the ground
the giants bent the trees towards the
earth and they began their journey
towards earth
the king got his daughter back and he
became so happy he thanked jack for
saving his daughter's life
but he didn't know that jack and the
princess were in love with each other
jack said goodbye to the princess and
left
since he was an ordinary poor boy he
couldn't marry the princess
when jack was going towards his house he
saw that those giants came down to earth
he immediately realizes that this
happened because of the seeds that
roderick took away from him
jack immediately went towards the palace
to inform the king about it
he went to the king and said that the
giants had come down to earth
meanwhile the giants were all over the
place and they created chaos
to save their lives the king and his
soldiers went towards the palace with
their horses because it was the only
safe place for them
because they were the family members of
the king who started this story at the
beginning and that's why the giants
would never let them live
because that king sent them back to
their giant world with the help of the
crown
before the giants could harm them all of
them went inside the palace but jack was
left behind
one soldier ordered to pull up the
bridge but before the bridge got closed
jack jumped onto the bridge at the right
time
but the leader of the giants grabbed the
bridge with his hand
but soldiers were ordered to fire at the
giant
all of them fired at the same time and
the giant fell down to the water
there was fire all over the place so the
giant went underwater to look for
another way
the bridge was about to get closed but
the giants were trying to open it with
ropes
the giants started to throw trees at the
palace
a giant threw a big tree towards the
wall and the wall broke into pieces
after seeing this the king realized that
it's impossible to stop them the king
told the princess to get to her room and
then go through the secret door
the door will take you to a place and
you will find a fire torch there you
need to light that torch so that
everyone will know that we are in danger
that's why jack and the princess went
ahead towards their destination
when they moved towards the fire torch
they noticed that the ground was
cracking because the leader of the
giants who fell down on the water had
come here inside the palace
after coming out of the ground the giant
attacked them and he got them
the giant was about to eat jack but jack
pulled out the last magical seed and put
it inside the giant's mouth
something very strange happened after
the giant swallowed the seed
we saw that the tree began to grow
inside his body and as a result his body
got destroyed into little pieces the
hand of the giant fell down beside jack
and it had the magical crown in it on
the other side all of the giants entered
the palace and the king and the soldiers
were standing in front of them
but suddenly all the giants kneeled down
the king and the soldiers had no idea
about what was going on
when they looked back they saw that jack
was standing there with the crown in his
hand
and then he put the crown on his head
he ordered all the giants to go back to
their own world
when the giants went back to their world
the king cut down all the trees
after that we saw jack and the princess
married and they had two kids as well
jack was telling them the story of those
giants just like he used to hear from
his dad
the kids asked him about the crown and
jack said that the crown is still safe
and sound
now they put it inside a museum
people from remote areas come to see the
crown and no one knows anything about
the reality of this crown
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen
and don't forget to let me know how you
feel about today's video in the comments
down below and at last i will say stay
safe stay well
thanks